* Go = C + Strings + Garbage Collection + Concurency.

1. Strong and static types programming language.
    - variable can't be changed overtime and must be defined compile time.
    - helps in capture error in compile time easily.
 
 2. Compile Time: GO is desgined fr faster compilation without the need of dependency checking.
 
 
3. String porcessing: frequent process and analyzes large amount of text data, require efficient manipulation of string.
    - Go has Compregensive set of string functions, which also uses grabege collection to make working string more effecient compared to some other languages like c++.

4. Concurency: In Go refereces to the ability of a program to execute mutiple taks independently but not necessarily simultaniously. 
    - It's about structuring ur program in a way that allow different parts of it run indendently, making efficient use of available resources.
    
    
* while concurency is about managing many taks , parallelism is about executing taks simultaniously.

5. In Go, a goroutine is lightweight thread managed by the Go runtime.

6. Lightweight: Goroutine takes only 8 kilobyte and u can have thousands of them.

7. Zero Dependency.

8. Built in for testing.

9. go mod communicate with go Path.

10. Go Modules simplifyt the maagementb of dependenies and project structure.

11. go.mod file contains informations about ur project, including its name and depedencies.

12. There is no classes in GO, everything is Package.

13. No concept of OOPs. struct and interfaces is used for concepts of OOPs.

14. Packages are Project directiries. Every .go file start with package name.

15. Program start with "main" package, which includes "main()" function.

16. Go uses relative imports.

17. Packages are tightly coupled with directiries.

18. In GO for a file to the entry point of an executable porgram, it must belong to the main package adn contain a mian function.

19. When u use "go run" command to execute a GO porgram, the GO runtime looks for the main function in the main Package and execute it.

20. File name can be anything,but package name should be same for each file in that dir.

21. if u want to use differentr package name u can make sub dir in the parent dir. And make imports and use them.

22. Package name should be same inside all files in a dir, but file names can be different in a dir.

23. variable name should be capital (first letter) to make that variable resuable, and used in another dir or files exportable- accessable from other Packages. If u intialise a vairable with small then it will be only used in that file only. Only within the same package.
    - same goes for funciton , PublifcFuncion() -> Publically, exportable.
    - same rule for, privateFunction() -> private, non exportable.
    
24. "Printf" print formatted, allow u to controll the output by using format specifiers similart as c.

25. "Scan" user input, but it reads until the first whitespace character.
    - Go (basic fmt.Scan) space ke baad input cut kar deta hai, because it only reads a single token.
    - to counter this: u need to use "bufio" package's "NewScanner" or "ReadString" function for more complex scenarios.
    - bufio.NewReader(os.Stdin)
    - to use "bufio" we make reader. Buffer reader is created that reads from standard inputs.(os.Stdin)
    
26. Buffer Reader is a type of reader, thart reads data frim an underlying source, such as a file or standard input(keyboard or mouse), and store data in buffer. The buffer is a teporary storage area in memory. Buffer reader are commonly used to improve the effeciency on imput operations. 

27. In Go, the underscore(_) is used as a blank indentifier. It serves as a white-only variable that allows you to discard values return by a function ot to ignore specific value when you are not intrested in using them.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Vaiable in GO-

var - normal vaiable, this can be changed.
const - this is constant type.
:= - this is only used inside the function, same as js let.


Format specifiers:

    - %d: Integer
    - %s: String
    - %T: Tells the type of the value
    - %.3f: Float values(The number after the dot in %f pecifies the precision for the floatin-point numbers)


\n new line 

Error

value, err := SomeFunction()
if err != nil {
    fmt.Println("Error", err)
    return
}
fmt.println(value)



  